Meeting 11/28/20
In today's meeting, the group discussed the present issues and goals we wanted to tackle as we leave fall break. Kevin demonstrated and explained his current code with the help of curl/JSON to parse data from Spotify. The overall decision is to ***not*** create a visual graph implementation, (too difficult,) but to instead create a terminal-based system of calling the code with a couple parameters to produce a "graph" based on a specific artists. For example: "./main Jacob Collier 5" creates a graph based on the artist Jacob Collier with a degree of 5 away from him. Another suggestion made is to potentially use std::cin to allow for specific searching of an artist. For example, from Jacob Collier, the user would be asked to pick another artist from a list of "first degree" artists.
(This meeting is late because we forgot to git commit it but it is on our Notion page)

Meeting 12/03/20
In today's meeting, the group discussed graph implementation and progress in developing Vertex.cpp and Edge.cpp files. Currently, our database has switched from JSON using c++ Curl to CSV using python3, (Kevin coded this during the week). As such, we decided to conclude development on api_pkg_test as it created a hastle in establishing a flexible database. Ideas were also thrown around in storing data as Artist and Song objects (artist.cpp, song.cpp respectively). In considering the future tasks we are required to accomplish for the project, we have decided that Evan will spearhead research for inputting landmark paths, and Beth and Cale will do research on Dijkstra's algorithm and BFS/DFS traversal of our graph. Our present goals are to set up graph implementation with edge.cpp and vertex.cpp, and figure out why our makefile is still giving linker errors. 

Meeting 12/04/20
In today's meeting, the group discussed graph implementation and the overall project schedule and goals with our TA. So far, the schedule we have established is good, but we are looking to get a lot of work done in the short amount of time we have remaining on the project. On the graph implementation side, we are focusing our efforts on constructing an O(1) read graph structure using a hash table of (Vertex, Edge) entries. The next step in our project is to simultaneously construct the graph implementation, Dijkstra's algorithm functions and BFS/Landmark functions. This will provide us with the most efficiency necessary to complete the project and start the presentation on time.
